Blackadder Universal Deployment Tool
------------------------------------
The deployment utility is an external tool that reads a configuration file and produces Click configuration files for all nodes in an ICN network. The tool copies these files to the destination nodes and run Click (in the mode defined in the configuration file).
It also creates the topology.graphml file used by the Topology Manager as a XML-based representation of the network graph. The tool also runs the Topology Manager in the node declared in the configuration using the topology.graphml as an input file argumenet.

Dependencies:
- libigraph0-dev
- libconfig++8-dev
- libtclap-dev
- lboost_system
- lboost_thread
- lpthread

Input Arguments:
-c: This is a manadatory argument after which a configuration file of extension .cfg must follow
-a: a configuration file of extension .cfg must proceed (as will be described below), which only lists the nodes in the network. connectivity between the nodes will be generated randomly following the barabasi-albert model
-l: when provided the tool will start click in each node and log stdout to the log file: /tmp/ba_log_NODEID, -l will also direct stdout from the tm to the file: /tmp/tm_log
-s: deploy NS3 topology
--dynamic: invokes the dynamic extension (deployment server) of the deployment tool
--noCopy: do not copy click configuration files to the nodes
--nostart: copy click configuration files to the nodes, but do not start click or the TM


How to build:
 
 Invoke the make directly, you system must have already installed:
   - igraph library
   - libconfig http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/
   - TCLAP template library http://tclap.sourceforge.net/
   - boost library (apt-get install libboost-system-dev libboost-thread-dev)


How to run:

  The program accepts types of configuration files as mandatory arguments: 
     - Blackadder Configuration file format that describes nodes and their connectivity (graph)
     - Blackadder Configuration file format that describes only available nodes. The tool will built a random graph for these nodes using
       the barabasi-albert model.

  How to invoke the tool using the first configuration file:
   ./deploy -c <config file>
  How to invoke the tool using the second configuration file:
   ./deploy -c <config file> -a

 In the second case the tool will produce autogenerated.cfg and edgevertices.cfg.  
 The files are stored in the WRITE_CONF folder which is designated in the configuration file.
 autogenerated.cfg is a configuration file of the first type that includes the connectivity graph. This file can be used
 to repeat the autogenerated experiment. edgevertices.cfg contain the leaf nodes of the autogenerated graph to use them
 in experiment deployment.

 Other tool functions:
  
 The tool accepts a .tgz file which tranfers to all nodes and decompresses at the remote user home folder:
 ./deploy -c <config file> [-a] [-t <filename>.tgz]
 
 To start the deployment server, which listens at port 9999 for node addition/deletion requests:
 ./deploy -c <config file> --dynamic
 
 To invoke the deployment client:
 ./client <deployment-server-ip> <new-node-config-file>
 
 For a complete example of the dynamic deployment tool, the user must first deploy a segment of the topology using any of the existing files:
 ./deploy -c testbed_topology.cfg --dynamic
 And then for every new node, he has to prepare the new_node.cfg file with the appropriate parameters and run the client:
 ./client <deployment-server-ip> new_node.cfg
 For node addition label 0000000x must be used, while for node deletion use label xxxxxxxx. (check respective sample files new_node.cfg and delete_node.cfg)
 

Mac OS X
---------------------------------------------
Click in Mac OS X only supports sending on real ethernet interfaces. This
is a problem if you are trying to test between OS X and a guest Vbox machine.
One solution is to use a bridge device on OS X, this will support sending and
receiving but requires some arguments in the conf file that look like:
fromdev0::OsxFromDevice(bridge0, PROMISC true, BPF_FILTER "ether dst 7e:d1:c3:c9:2c:00", OUTBOUND true);
where the ether address of the receiving bridge interface is included.
The reason is that PROMISC is not set by default and is needed, but
when set there is a bug where both send and received are received (it
will not work in receive only for some reason)
The deploy tool will look after this, but make sure you include
	operating_system = "Darwin"
in the node part of the deploy config.